WIP: ACM-11775 (needs issue links-peer edits) (#6487)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/hosted_control_planes/scale_nodepool_hosted_ibmpower.adoc

[#scale-nodepool-non-ibmpower-additional-resources]
== Additional resources

> To scale down the data plane to zero, see xref:../hosted_control_planes/troubleshooting-hosted-control-planes#scale-down-data-plane_hcp-troubleshooting[Scaling down the data plane to zero].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scale down the data plane to zero, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/hosted_control_planes/troubleshooting-hosted-control-planes#scale-down-data-plane_hcp-troubleshooting[Scaling down the data plane to zero].
```

> To scale down the data plane to zero, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html//hosted_control_planes/troubleshooting-hosted-control-planes#scale-down-data-plane_hcp-troubleshooting[Scaling down the data plane to zero].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To scale down the data plane to zero, see link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/4.15/html/hosted_control_planes/troubleshooting-hosted-control-planes#scale-down-data-plane_hcp-troubleshooting[Scaling down the data plane to zero].
```
